---
layout: main
permalink: /justin
---

# How I met Justin

### <i class="em em-eggplant"></i>

## Alexis

He wandered into my room, called me a fuccboi and asked if I wanted to play
smash.

## Yolanda

i don't remember how i met justin but

# JUSTIN

## Liumich

Eh, I’ve seen worse.

## Elizabeth

He walked by my doorway and before introducing himself, he asked if I wanted
to help him move. He then took me in a sketchy U-Haul to his storage unit.

## Cynthia

I was playing clarinet at midnight and he walked to my room and asked "how
many clarinets are in this hall?!"

## Caitlin

i ventured into next house as a very nervous frosh, and was excitedly met by
justin! he showed me around and was super welcoming. i have not been able to
escape since

## janonymous

(term 1):

"I'm taking bio, just to get it over with, you?" "3.091"

"Oh, you must be really good at bio then!" "lol, nope!"

"(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻"

## Eli

At some point after settling into my permanent room Freshman Year, I wanted
to show my girlfriend, Malini, my new room, and so I called her and asked if
she wanted to videochat. I believe this was the first time we had
videochatted since I'd gotten to MIT. Kevin and I had left our door open,
since people were outside in the hallway, and we wanted to be thought of as
part the community, especially from the start. People had been walking in and
out of the room, and I'd introduced each one to Malini when they came in. I
had seen Justin around beforehand, and perhaps we'd introduced ourselves to
each other as well, but I hadn't had an extended encounter with him yet (or
perhaps I had but it simply wasn't as memorable as this). In the middle of me
videochatting with Malini, all of a sudden, Justin walks into our room. Kevin
and I say "hi," and Justin notices I'm videochatting with someone. Filled
with kinetic energy, Justin comes over to my desk where I'm sitting, and asks
Malini and I if he can show us his boxers. I think I made out a startled
"Wait, what?" before he started pulling down his pants. He revealed that his
blue boxers had "MIT" written in red block letters all over them. He was very
proud of this -- I laughed and tried to push him away, but he needed me to
acknowledge how cool it was that he was wearing boxers with "MIT" written on
them. I finally did, begrudgingly, and I managed to corral him out of the
room. Malini was hysterical as I sat back down at my desk, and I said, "Well,
now you've met Justin, too."

## Ben

I don’t actually remember the single first moment when I met Justin. There
was a time early on when I was walking around deep 2E with Ashling and
started talking to him, and he just dropped his pants and walked away in his
boxers leaving us feeling uncomfortable. There was another time when a few of
us were sitting on a couch in the lounge and he lay down over the back of the
couch and started sliding down on top of us. There was lots of bodily contact
and I wasn’t really sure who he was.

After that I would mostly just cautiously observe Justin from a safe distance
when he would hang out across the hall in Sam’s room with Sothira.

Then one day I remember having my door open, and hearing Justin singing “Say
Something” from down the hall. And I was stunned. “Wow,” I thought, “he’s
probably the best vocalist I’ve ever met.“ Time passed and I slowly got to
know Justin better. And I got weirder. Now, I'm still often alarmed by his
antics, but I also encourage and enable him. What a journey. We still haven’t
watched Attack on Titan, though.

## Brenda

I think like the day we all moved into permanent rooms, Sothira, Lisa, and I
needed help rearranging 275 so Los, Manuel, and Justin came to help us. I
don't remember exactly what happened, but I do remember the chaotic
experience left me wondering what weirdos I chose to live around. And I
thought that Manuel and Justin were roommates.

## Sothira

He helped me move and I threatened to kill him.

## Hannah

Obviously, since I am a freshman, I do not know Justin all that well.
However, when I first met him, he introduced himself and was very polite.
Then, I saw his true colours when he danced to Ride by SoMo VERY
suggestively. I am still scarred to this day.

## Claire

Right after my parents and I arrived at Next House for the first time last
fall, a guy named Will came over to the open door of room 239 and started
talking about how he used to live there. Then another guy (Justin) came up
behind him and introduced himself to my parents and I. I was mostly confused
why these people were so chatty.

## Erin

At first Justin was just some confusing person whose humor I couldn't
understand and who made me slightly nervous. But that changed when I was
sitting in my room one Saturday night during freshman fall, feeling rather
forlorn and lonely as I often did during those early days, and Justin barged
in and sat on Becca's bed. He asked me what I was doing and I shrugged and
then he started playing guitar. I really appreciated that he took the time to
talk to me and brighten up my room with music -- I felt better after that.
Even after that happened, I didn't REALLY get to know Justin until IAP, when
I hung out sometimes in his room coding for the intro python class (do you
remember when we sat on your bed and turned on intense music from "The Social
Network" to help us get in the zone?, I think Sothira and Manuel were there
too...) And of course then we formed "Love Group" and started pouring out our
souls to each other. Or rather, Justin pestered me until I poured out my soul
to him :P. Since then we've bonded through brushing each other's teeth,
giving each other piggy back rides, me folding his clothes (why the heck did
I do that), watching miyazaki films, listening to relient K and mae, that
time I fed him the bubbles from my bubble tea, jamming, and everything else.
One time I was having a really crappy week and Justin found me crying in my
room and he physically dragged me out of there and down the hallway and then
talked to me and made me feel better. He has always been a loyal friend and a
good person to talk to ^___^

## Shavina

When I was a newly checked-in freshman, Andrew and Justin helped me unbunk my
bed and adjust the frame. This was when I was temped in 239 with Claire and
Elizabeth, and we soon moved to 275 and later to 250, never to return again.
So, in an indirect way, Justin really helped me out in bed, if only for a
brief time. I will never forget the way he handled that mattress.

## Emmanuel

There isn't any single experience that sticks out in my mind as defining our
relationship. Instead, it took multiple experiences, and a fair bit of time,
for me to understand you. I remember your bizarre antics, which occasionally
meant contorting your face in creepy expressions, or making interesting
sounds (I enjoyed them, usually), or finding you in Weilian's bed when I
returned to my room. I remember talking to you about physics and math, and
feeling a mixture of intimidation at your physics skillz and suspicious about
your cockiness (later confirmed that the latter was a misguided guess). I
remember the late night jam sessions, of which I didn't always take part but
used to note how multi- talented you were. Maybe in a way, it's nice that
there wasn't a defining early impression of you; it means that you are a deep
enough individual that it took a lot of studying for me to understand your
often crude (but addictive) humor, your sudden, pompous outbursts, your weird
manner of making friends. Or maybe it means you just didn't want to be my
friend and therefore didn't give me a strong first impression. Or maybe I'm
aged as heck and just can't remember anymore. Whatever the reason, it made
this (s)peach really hard to write. Anyway, you are full of lots of nonsense
and full of even more caring for your friends, and I love you and having you
as a friend. Do you remember how we met? o.o

## Monica

Justin, This isn't really how I met you, because when I first met you, Will
and Andrew were like "oh that's justin, he comes into room and knocks things
over and farts and leaves" so I wanted to shared this story too. I remember
one time when I was a freshman, I was lying on the bean bag and you plopped
down next to me and you said something like, "Monica, do you respect
meeeee???" And I was like, "what." And you continued on about how when you
were a freshman, you thought the juniors were so cool and super smart and
totally had their lives together and you have great reverence for them but
you didn't feel that way to me and the other 2019s. Justin, I don't know why
you thought that because why wouldn't we think you're awesome? Yeah, you're
weird and you leave porn in the main lounge and you spill large sweet teas on
yourself, but we love you. Tbh, you're always one of the first people I
mention when talking about people who are crazy good at everything. So
Justin, cut yourself some slack. Thank you for being my friend even though
you make weird noises with Eman in my bed. You are super cool and really
talented and crazy smart, so just be Justin. That is more than enough. Happy
birthday!!!!

## Manuel

[https://youtu.be/0Ad4K-hfEYQ](https://youtu.be/0Ad4K-hfEYQ)